[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
The third match of the
World Martial Arts Tournament
saw Videl and Spopovitch
take to the ring.
Thanks in part to her
special training from Gohan,
the battling beauty was
everyone's clear
favorite to win.
[SPOPOVITCH grunting]
[NARRATOR] Then, just as the
match seemed decided,
Spopovitch stunned the crowd
with a display of superhuman--
and seemingly
supernatural--power.
[SPOPOVITCH yells]
Haa!
[VIDEL yelps]
[chuckles]
[VIDEL] What have
I gotten myself into?
[yelling]
[VIDEL groans]
The mighty Videl goes down!
Folks, this could be the end!
No!
That feisty spirit hasn't
been extinguished just yet!
Bruised and battered,
she's determined to rise!
Yeah. Like I'm the
kind of gal to give up.
♪ Opening Song ♪
What the--?
[chuckles]
[groans]
[SPOPOVITCH grunts]
[VIDEL groans]
Whoa! Not cool!
This is too much!
[FEMALE SPECTATOR 14A]
Someone do something!
What is his deal?
Her poor face
is gonna be ruined!
Ah, dude! I don't know
what this bruiser's
trying to prove, but come on!
[bellows]
[laughs]
That does it!
[SPOPOVITCH yells]
[VIDEL screams]
Heads up, folks!
Looks like Videl has
been flung from the ring!
We may be looking at
a ring-out victory
for Spopovitch!
[VIDEL]
I'm done.
I can't muster
enough strength to fly.
[VIDEL yells]
Wait! Spopovitch has
actually saved her from
going outside the ring
and tossed her back!
Your guess would be as
good as mine as to why.
Videl. No.
Ugh! The big freak
is just toying with her!
Hold on; it appears
that Videl is not getting up.
We might conceivably
have a K.O.
I'll start the countdown now.
[GOHAN]
Yes. Good. Do that.
At this point it's
the best thing for her.
[FEMALE SPECTATOR 14A]
Videl! Videl, get up!
[MALE SPECTATOR 14A]
Come on, leave her alone!
[FEMALE SPECTATOR 14B]
Have a little compassion!
[MALE SPECTATOR 14B] Get it
together! We believe in you!
[FEMALE SPECTATOR 14C]
It's just a stupid sport!
[MALE SPECTATOR 14C]
No when to quit, buddy!
[MALE SPECTATOR 14D] Surely he's
not going to do anything else.
[MALE SPECTATOR 14E] Don't let
this monster have the last say!
No, stop!
Don't get up!
[CROWD cheering]
Ah! Amazing!
Against all odds,
she's back on her feet!
What an inspiration!
You just don't
see this everyday!
You've gotta be kidding.
No, Videl!
Something's not
right about this guy!
Don't do this!
You can't win!
Gah! That son-of-a--!
[SPOPOVITCH grunts]
Oh, the humanity!
He--He's beating
the poor gal to a pulp.
[VIDEL groans]
What is wrong
with this guy?
[GOHAN] We get it,
you're a big man!
Cut it out already!
[VIDEL yells]
[grunting]
They said my
first round opponent's
gonna be a woman, huh?
Probably a good idea
to pick out a victory pose
that won't make it
look like I'm rubbin' it in.
Don't want to scale it back
so much it looks fake, though.
Hmmm. There's a lot more
to fightin' a chick
than most folks can appreciate.
[knock at the door]
Um.
Bad news, sir!
I know it's unthinkable,
but Spopovitch seems
to be doing quite
a number on Videl.
I think you've got
it backwards.
What you mean
to say is that
Videl's doing a number
on Spopovitch.
Uh.
Actually no, sir.
[MR. SATAN] Some of us
have a match to get ready for!
Stop pestering me with these
progress reports, brother!
Just let me know
when she wins!
But--
[sighs]
[POLICEMAN 14A] Odds are good
she's cleaned his clock by now.
Too bad we missed it.
Don't worry about it, fellas.
There'll be plenty
of chances to see Videl
strut her stuff in the
finals, am I right?
You'll wanna brace
yourself for this!
Videl may not make
it past her first match!
[POLICEMEN]
Say what?
You heard me!
Now let's get in there
and cheer her on
like we've never
cheered before!
[POLICEMEN]
Yes, sir!
[chuckles]
[bellows]
[coughs]
[SPOPOVITCH grunts]
[VIDEL groans]
Stop it! For cryin' out loud,
the girl's had enough!
[WOMAN 14A] He's a
savage! I can't look!
[laughs]
[ANNOUNCER]
Aah!
[groaning]
Just give up
while you still can!
You fought well!
It's time to throw
in the towel!
[groaning]
Miss Videl, please.
Normally I don't
like to interfere,
but I agree with Great Saiyaman.
Give up; no one could possibly
fault you for calling it quits.
No! Not yet.
[coughs]
I know I can beat this guy.
Stop it! Why do you always
have to be so stubborn?
This guy is a total maniac!
If you think he wouldn't
break you over his knee
like a piece of plywood,
you'd better think again!
[panting]
[laughs]
[SPOPOVITCH grunts]
[VIDEL yells]
[groans]
That's just--
That's just brutal!
[GOHAN snarls]
Hey, Gohan. Don't.
Just calm down.
Keep it under control.
She's gonna be
okay, trust me.
[SPOPOVITCH chuckles]
[VIDEL groans, yells]
[laughss]
[yells]
[gasps]
Videl! No!
He's a monster!
Oh, that is it!
You're under arrest
if you don't back off!
[ANNOUNCER] This
is beyond appalling!
What Spopovitch
is doing would offend
even a hardened
criminal's sense of decency!
[CROWD gasps]
Stop! Why is no one doing
anything to help her?
Poor girl's hardly gonna
make Gohan the happiest
man alive with a head
shaped like an ogre's foot!
Gohan!
[laughs]
[yells]
[VIDEL]
No. I can't let him win.
I can't let him win!
[yells]
I've seen enough!
That's it!
This match is over!
Now you answer to me!
[chuckles]
--Hm?
--Hm!
Aah! Whoa!
What do you think
you're doing, man?
Keep it together!
[GOHAN]
No!
[VIDEL groans]
[screams]
Leave her alone!
[YAMU] Enough, Spopovitch.
Stop this nonsense.
[gasps]
[KRILLIN, GOKU gasp]
Put an end to this
so we can get on with
what we're
really here to do.
Just win the damn match.
[SPOPOVITCH]
'Kay.
Uh. We have...
a ring-out.
The third match
goes to Spopovitch.
[GOHAN]
Oh, Videl.
Uh. We should probably
call for a stretcher.
No. It's all right.
I'll carry her.
[GOHAN]
Spopovitch!
This is not over!
I promise you that!
I owe you!
[chuckles softly]
Hey, guys.
Do you have any
senzu beans on you?
[KRILLIN]
Sorry. This was all
supposed to be
for fun, so--
Too bad.
Fine. I'll be back
in a second;
I'm gonna pop in
on Korin and get some.
She's gonna
make it, don't worry.
Your dad's going to be back
soon with some senzu beans.
Seriously?
Just what we need!
That's a great idea!
[MR. SATAN] Are you
outta your mind?
Why is my little
girl in the infirmary?
No! Impossible!
We're talkin' about Videl!
Next to me she's the strongest
person in the whole
world, you asshat!
I knew it!
I told her not to
skimp on practice!
Princess!
Daddy's coming!
[MR. SATAN]
Videl! Videl!
Vide--!
Oh. This is horrible!
She's gonna be fine.
The doctor says that
it's not as bad as it looks.
Hold up! Who're you?
Are you the piece of garbage who
did this to my pride and joy?
[MONK DOCTOR]
No, sir; he's not.
This nice young man
is the one who
carried her
here for treatment.
Oh. That's right.
You can't be the guy.
They had her up
against that Spopovitch.
Well done, kid.
I'll sign an autograph
for you or somethin'.
Uhhh...
Thank you. I guess.
Right... Now'd be a good
time for you to scram.
[GOHAN]
Um, sure.
Wait, no.
Go--Gohan, I--
I want-- I want
you... to beat him.
Heh. I'll be facing
him in the next round.
And I promise you
he doesn't have prayer.
[MR. SATAN]
Huh?
Uh, what was
all that about?
That kid's a coat rack;
Spops'll go to town on him.
Nobody's puttin' that nutcase
in his place but me.
That's right. Rest up.
Your old man's got this.
Waaah!
Nuh-uh! No way!
Don't tell me you're
actually sweet on that kid?
He's a toothpick!
At least have
the self-respect to date
someone with a little
meat on their bones!
You're the daughter
of a World Champion!
Daughters of World
Champions don't go out with
ninety-pound weaklings
who dress like...
[MONK DOCTOR] Kindly
keep your voice down, please.
[GOHAN]
Come on, Dad.
[GOHAN] What's
taking him so long?
Dunno. With his
instant transmission
you'd think
he'd be back by now.
Hate to say it, but maybe
Korin's out of beans.
Yeah? Kinda not
what I wanna hear.
You know what, nevermind;
I'm gonna go check on Videl.
When Dad gets back
send him to the infirmary.
Love struck.
Look, Gohan. I wasn't
born yesterday, you know.
You've got a thing
for this girl, right?
[VIDEL whimpers]
Put me back out there.
I can't believe
he did this to her.
Spopovitch is a nobody.
Always has been.
[CROWD]
Mister! Satan!
[MR. SATAN]
Oh yeah!!
[CROWD] Satan!
Mister! Satan! Mister!
Tough break, Spops,
havin' to go one-on-one
with me in your first
match of the tournament.
You must've racked up
some bad karma. Ha-ha!
Or maybe I just racked
up some good karma
getting paired up
with a stiff like you.
Oh yeah?
We'll see 'bout that!
Heh. Aw.
You tuckered out?
[SPOPOVITCH] I'll make you
wish you were never born--
[SPOPOVITCH yells]
[ANNOUNCER] And the
victory goes to Mr. Satan!
Videl. I don't understand.
Spopvitch is such a pushover!
This all just
goes to show you
how important it
is to stay sharp!
You let your guard down!
Hm! Too much time boy-chasing
and not enough time
in the dojo fine-tuning.
Well, we'll have no
more of that, young lady.
[VIDEL]
Gohan.
What?!
[VIDEL groans, gasps]
Videl! Pumpkin!
Hey, Quack, I thought this
wasn't as bad as it looked.
Quite so, sir.
I said that she'd be fine and
I stand by that prognosis--
[MR. SATAN] You'll be
standing on your head
if anything happens to her!
Ya read me, college boy?
[LADY REPORTER 7A]
Mr. Satan! Mr. Satan!
Just a moment of your time!
Can you give us an
update on Videl's condition?
The public has
the right to know!
Is she expected
to make a full recovery?
[BOTH]
Huh?
[ALL]
Aaah!
We just wanna
know how Videl is.
You wanna
know how Videl is?
Ask yourselves
a simple question:
Is she or is she not
the daughter of Mr. Satan?
Now why don't you all buzz
off and let her get some rest.
No more autographs today.
Please, sir. Any words
for the man responsible
for putting her here?
You tell that freak
I just declared
open season
on psychopaths!
Spopovitch! For every
second Videl's in recovery,
I'm gonna break something
you didn't know you had!
[REPORTERS]
Uh, sir? Champ! Champ!
Please, Champ! Please!
Paparazzi.
They sure like to swarm
when they smell a story, huh?
All right,
Gohan is up next.
His opponent's
name is Kibito.
Might as well be "Pinky
Toe" for all the trouble
my boy's gonna have
snapping him in two.
No kidding, right?
Everybody knows
Gohan's the frontrunner
for the championship round.
Yep. Both him
and his old man.
Come on, guys,
Momma needs new shoes.
Gohan!
Show no mercy!
Chi-Chi! You know he's not
wearing that silly
getup 'cause he thinks
it's intimidating, right?
[CHICHI] Oh no!
Do you think anyone heard me?
Now, Spopovitch.
This next round
might be the one.
Stay alert.
Just relax. When this thing
says jump, we jump.
It's easy.
I'd like to get this
over with quickly.
[SPOPOVITCH]
Yeah.
All right, Kibito,
you know what to do.
Hm!
Where's Dad?
Still not back?
Yeah. What could be
takin' him so long?
[KORIN] Here we are:
fresh senzu beans.
[GOKU]
Thanks, Korin.
Incidentally,
it would be wise for you
to stay on your
guard, my friend.
I've got a feeling
there's more trouble
headed our way.
Yeah.
Me, too.
[NARRATOR] An ominous
cloud hangs over
the World Martial
Arts Tournament,
large enough that
Korin has sensed it
from high atop his tower
on the far side of the world.
Clearly, some sinister force
is at work behind the scenes,
waiting for the
chance to strike.
And when it does, Goku and his
friends will have to be ready!
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey!
It's me, Goku!
What's going on out there?
These guys shouldn't be so
hard for you to take down.
[PICCOLO] I'll tell you
what's going on!
That device of theirs is
draining Gohan's energy!
We gotta get him outta there!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[SUPREME KAI] If all of
you would be so good
as to come with me.
Everything will be explained.